<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Subtitle</title>
  <link id="style-link" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"></link>

</head>
<body>
<a href="index.html">Back to website</a>
<button onclick="switchStyle()">Low detail mode</button>
			<script src="switch-style.js"></script>
<h1>Explanation of the video:</h1>
<h2>Setting:</h2>
<p>xQc can be seen playing the videogame Overwatch, his camera is on the middle left of the screen.<br/>He is in an audio-call with his friends, they can be heard screaming info about the game.</p>
<h2>Subtitles:</h2>
<p class="subtitle">
    *friend in background cheering him on*<br/><br/>

    There's no clear definition on what the Juice is. Becasue the Juice is 
    whatever YOU make it.<br/><br/>

    *camera cuts to a movie scene about a young girl crying from inspiration*<br/><br/>
    *inaudible screaming from friends*<br/><br/>

    It can be anything. <br/><br/>
    *camera cuts to different movie scene about a crowd looking in awe*<br/><br/>

    
    Nobody can define what it is for you, YOU know what the 
    Juice is, right? <br/><br/>

    *camera cuts back to xQc and gameplay*<br/><br/>

    For me, like sometimes I feel like the Juice is... *concentrating on game* 
    whenever I win, I pop off right? I go AAAAAAAAAARGH <br/><br/>
    
    *camera cuts to show a cinematic of a playable character in the game Overwatch, a monkey named Winston screaming in a similar fashion to xQc* <br/><br/>

    Monkey rage. Poof!<br/><br/>
    
    *camera cuts back to xQc and gameplay*<br/><br/>

    MALD! POW! That's my Juice, right? <br/><br/>
    
    Well maybe your Juice is 
    when you do a nice piece of art, right? Like Picasso,<br/><br/>
    
    *camera cuts and show Bob Ross painting for comedic effect, referencing the fact that usually, xQc is unable to correctly name easy-to-guess things, like animals, fruits etc.*<br/><br/>
    
    and you go like: 
    "ay look, look dude.. look, it's my art!" HELL YEAH that's your Juice.<br/><br/>

    *camera cuts back to xQc and gameplay*<br/><br/>

    Like, maybe you like when people, like notice you. <br/><br/>

    *camera cuts to a scene about a mall full of teenagers interacting socially*<br/><br/>

    Like umm, like fame, so that's what you want right? You show up and people 
    say: "Ay that's this guy". That's your Juice. <br/><br/>

    *camera cuts back to xQc and gameplay briefly, then cuts back to a scene about someone counting money*<br/><br/>

    Maybe you like money, and buying 
    new s#!t, <br/><br/>
    
    *camera cuts to a clothing store showing merchandise*<br/><br/>

    like "ooh, damn I bought this", <br/><br/>
    
    *camera cuts back to xQc and gameplay*<br/><br/>

    then that's the Juice, right?<br/><br/>

    *outro comes in, it is a picture of xQc on stage during an
     E-sport event for Overwatch, with a subtitle top left reading "THANK YOU FELIX, FOR EVERYTHING...", and a drawing of a 
     sentimental pepe fron bottom left*<br/><br/>

     *the screen cahnges; scenery is still the same, however this time xQc is waving to the crowd, thanking them. The top left subtitle now reads "WE'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!" 
     and the pepe moved from bottom left to bottom right*<br/><br/>

     *screen fades to black*<br/><br/>

     *end*<br/><br/>



</p>
</body>
</html>